feat: extend SelectAllOption props to enable setting individual itemIds (#2676)
contentful/forma-36: .changeset/swift-shrimps-sneeze.md

---
'@contentful/f36-multiselect': patch
---

> Allows now setting an individual itemId for the SelectAll sellect option

Author: ```suggestion
Allows now setting an individual itemId for the SelectAllOption component which is a divert from MultiselectOption
```
